A Moment Of Hope - Something feels strangely right about this room. Something is resisting the evil of the house. Place the Blessing token in this room. Each hero rolls 1 additional die (maximum of 8 dice) on all trait rolls while in this room.
Angry Being – It emerges from the slime on the wall next to you. You must attempt a speed roll. 5+ you get away. Gain 1 speed. 2-4: take 1 die of mental damage. 0-1: take 1 die of mental damage and 1 die of physical damage.
Bloody Vision – the walls of this room are damp with blood. The blood drips from the ceiling, down the walls, over the furniture, and onto your shoes. In a blink it is gone. You must attempt a sanity roll. 4+: You steel yourself. Gain 1 sanity. 2-3: lose 1 sanity. 0-1: if an explorer or monster is in your room or an adjacent one, you must attack it (if you can). Choose the explorer with the lowest might if possible.
Burning Man – a man on fire runs through the room. His skin bubbles and cracks falling away from him and leaving a fiery skull that clatters to the ground, bounces, rolls, and disappears. You must attempt a sanity roll. 4+ you feel a little hot under the collar but otherwise fine. Gain 1 sanity. 2-3: out, out, you must get out. Put your explorer in the entrance hall. 0-1: you burst into flames. Take 1 die of physical damage then take 1 die of mental damage as you put out the flames.
Closet Door – That closet door is open… just a crack. There must be something inside. Put the Closet token in this room. Once during an explorer’s turn, that explorer can roll 2 dice to open the closet. 4: Draw an item card. 2-3: Draw an event card. 0-1: Draw an event card and remove the Closet token.
Creepy Crawlies – a thousand bugs spill out on your skin, under your clothes, and in your hair. You must attempt a sanity roll. 5+ you blink and they’re gone. Gain 1 sanity. 1-3: lose 1 sanity. 0: lose 2 sanity.
Creepy Puppet – You see one of those dolls that gives you the willies. It jumps at you with a tiny spear. The player on your right rolls a might 4 attack for the creepy puppet. You defend against this attack as normal by rolling dice equal to your might. If you take any damage from this attack, the explorer with the spear gains 2 might (unless you have the spear).
Debris – Plaster falls from the walls and ceiling. You must attempt a speed roll: 3+ you dodge the plaster. Gain 1 speed. 1-2: you’re buried in debris. Take 1 die of physical damage. 0: You’re buried in debris. Take 2 dice of physical damage. If you’re buried, keep this card. You can’t do anything until you’re freed. Once during an explorer’s turn, that explorer can attempt a Might roll to free you. (You can also attempt this roll). A 4+ succeeds. After 3 unsuccessful attempts, you break free automatically on your next turn and take your turn normally. Discard this card when you’re free.
Disquieting Sounds – A baby’s cry, lost and abandoned. A scream. The crack of breaking glass. Then silence. Roll 6 dice. IF you roll equal to or more than the number of omens that have been revealed, you gain 1 sanity. If not, take 1 die of mental damage.
Drip... Drip... Drip... – A rhythmic sound that needles at your brain. Put the drip token in this room. Each explorer rolls 1 fewer die (minimum of 1) on all trait rolls while in this room.
Footsteps – The floorboards slowly creak. Dust rises. Footprints appear on the dirty floor. And then, as they reach you, they are gone. Roll 1 die. An explorer in the Chapel rolls 1 additional die on this roll. 4: you and the nearest explorer gain 1 might. 3: you gain 1 might and the nearest explorer loses 1 sanity. 2: lose 1 sanity. 1: lose 1 speed. 0: each explorer loses 1 point froma  trait of their choice.
Funeral – you see an open coffin. You’re inside it. You must attempt a sanity roll. 4+ you blink, and it’s gone. Gain 1 sanity. 2-3: the vision disturbs you. Lose 1 sanit. 0-1: you’re really in that coffin. Lose 1 sanity and 1 might as you dig yourself out. If the graveyard or the crypt has been found, put your explorer in one of those rooms (you choose which one).
Grave Dirt – This room is covered in a thick layer of dirt. You cough as it gets on your skin and in your lungs. You must attempt a might roll. 4+ you shake it off. Gain 1 might. 0-3: something is wrong. Keep this card. Take 1 point of physical damage at the start of each of your turns. Discard this card if an item card increases one of your traits or if you end your turn in the balcony, gardens, graveyard, gymnasium, larder, patio, or tower.
Groundskeeper – You turn to see a man in groundskeeper clothing. He raises his shovel and charges. Inches from your face, he disappears, leaving muddy footprints and nothing more. You must attempt a knowledge roll (an explorer in the gardens rolls 2 fewer dice on this roll). 4+ you find something in the mud. Draw an item card. 0-3 The groundskeeper reappears and strikes you in the face with the shovel. The player on your right rolls a might 4 attack for the groundskeeper. You defend against this attack as normal by rolling dice equal to your might. 
Hanged Men – A breeze chills the room. Before you three men hang from frayed ropes. They stare at you with cold, dead eyes/ The trio swing silently, then fade into dust that falls to the ground. You start to choke. You must attempt a roll for each trait: 2+: that trait is unaffected. 0-1: lose 1 from that trait. If you roll a 2+ on all 4 rolls, gain 1 additional point in a trait of your choice.
Hideous Shriek – It starts like a whisper, but ends in a soul-rending shriek. Each explorer must attempt a sanity roll. 4+ you resist the sound. 1-3: take 1 die of mental damage. 0: take 2 dice of mental damage. Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
Image in the Mirror – If you don’t have any item cards, this event affects the next explorer to your left with an item card. Discard this card if no explorer has an item card. There is an old mirror in this room. Your frightened reflection moves on its own. You realize it is you from another time. You need to help your reflection so you write on the mirror “This will help.” You then hand an item through the mirror. Choose one of your item cards (not an omen card) and put it on the item stack. Then shuffle that stack. Gain 1 knowledge.
Image in the Mirror (Reversed Text) – there is an old mirror in this room. Your frightened reflection moves on its own. You realize it is you from another time. Your reflection writes on the mirror: “this will help.” Then it hands you an item through the mirror. Draw an item card.
It Is Meant To Be – You collapse to the floor, visions of future events pouring through your head. Choose one of these 2 options: 1. You can look at the top 3 tiles or cards of any one stack. If you do, rearrange those 3 tiles or cards in any order and put them back on top. Do not tell anyone the results. 2. You can choose instead to roll 4 dice and write down the result. For one future die roll of your choice that you attempt, you can use that number instead of rolling. If that number is higher than the maximum possible result, use the maximum possible result instead.
Jonah's Turn – Two boys are playing with a wooden top. “Would you like a turn Jonah?” one asks. “No,” says Jonah, “I want all the turns.” Jonah takes the top and hits the other boy in the face. The boy falls. Jonah keeps hitting him as they fade from view. If an explorer has the Puzzle Box, that explorer discards that item and draws a replacement item for it. If this happens, you gain 1 sanity. Otherwise you take 1 die of mental damage.
Lights Out – your flashlight goes out. Don’t worry, someone else has batteries. Keep this card. You can move only 1 space each turn until you end your turn in the same room as another explorer. At the end of that turn, discard this card. Then you can move normally again. If you have the Candle or end your turn in the Furnace Room, discard this card.
Locked Safe – behind a portrait is a wall safe. It is trapped of course. Put the Safe token in this room. Once during an explorer’s turn, that explorer can attempt a knowledge roll to open the Safe. 5+: draw 2 item cards and remove the safe token. 2-4: take 1 die of physical damage. The safe won’t open. 0-1: take 2 dice of physical damage. The Safe won’t open.
Mists From the Walls – Mists pour out from the walls. There are faces in the mist, human and… inhuman. Each explorer in the basement must attempt a sanity roll: 4+ the faces are tricks of light and shadow. All is well. 1-3: take 1 die of mental damage (and an additional die of damage if that explorer is in a room with an event symbol). 0: take 1 die of mental damage (and 2 additional dice of damage if that explorer is in aa room with an event symbol). Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
Mystic Slide – If you’re in the basement, this event affects the next explorer to your left not in the basement. Discard this card if all of the explorers are in the basement. The floor falls from under you. Place the slide token in this room then attempt a might roll to use the slide. 5+: you control the slide. Put yourself in any explored room on any floor below the slide. 0-4: draw tiles from the room stack until you draw a basement room. Place the room tile. If no basement rooms are in the stack, choose a basement room in play. You fall to that room and take 1 die of physical damage. If it’s not your turn, don’t draw a card for that room. On later turns, any explorer can attempt this roll to use the Slide.
Night View – You see a vision of a ghostly couple walking the grounds, silently strolling in their wedding best. You must attempt a knowledge roll: 5+: You recognize the ghosts as former inhabitants of the house. You call their names and they turn to you, whispering dark secrets of the house. Gain 1 knowledge. 0-4: You pull back in horror, unable to watch.
Phone Call – A phone rings in the room. You feel compelled to answer it. Roll 2 dice. A sweet little granny voice says… 4+ “tea and cakes! Tea and cakes! You always were my favorite!” gain 1 sanity. 3: “I’m always here for you, pattycakes. Watching…” Gain 1 knowledge. 1-2: “I’m here sweetums! Give us a kiss!” take 1 die of mental damage. 0: “Bad little children must be punished!” take 2 dice of physical damage.
Possession – A shadow separates from the wall. As you stand in shock, the shadow surrounds you and chills you to the core. You must choose any one trait and attempt a roll for that trait. 4+: you resist the shadow’s corruption. Gain 1 in a trait of your choice. 0-3: The shadow drains your energy. The chosen trait drops to its lowest value. It doesn’t drop to the skull. If that trait is already at its lowest value, lower a different trait to its lowest value.
Revolving Wall – The wall spins to another place. Place the Wall Switch token on a wall without an exit in this room or a corner of this room. If there isn’t a room on the other side of the Wall Switch, draw room tiles until you find one for this floor then put it in the house. If there are no more rooms on this floor, discard this card. Then put your explorer in that room. Once during an explorer’s turn if that explorer is in either room, he or she can attempt a knowledge roll to use the Wall Switch. 3+: That explorer finds the hidden switch and goes through. This doesn’t count as moving a space. 0-2: That explorer can’t find the hidden switch and can’t go through.
Rotten – The smell in this room, it’s horrible. Smells like death, like blood. A slaughterhouse smell. You must attempt a sanity roll. 5+ troubling odors, nothing more. Gain 1 sanity. 2-4 lose 1 might. 1: lose 1 might and 1 speed. 0: you double over with nausea. Lose 1 from each trait.
Secret Passage – a section of the wall slides away. Behind it, a moldy tunnel awaits. Put a secret passage token in this room. Roll 3 dice and place the second secret passage token in: 6+ any existing room. 4-5: any existing upper floor room. 2-3: any existing ground floor room. 0-1: any existing basement room. You can then use the secret passage even if you don’t have any movement left. Moving from one secret passage token to the other counts as moving one space. On later turns, any explorer can use the secret passage. An explorer can’t end his or her turn in the passage.
Secret Stairs – a horrible creaking sound echoes around you. You’ve discovered a secret stairwell. Put one Secret Stairs token in this room and a second secret stairs token in an existing groom on another floor. Moving from one secret stairs token to the other counts as moving one space. The stairs don’t count as a space. You can follow the stairs right now even if you don’t have any movement left. If you do follow them this turn draw an event card in the new room.
Shrieking Wind – The wind picks up, a slow crescendo to a screeching howl. Each explorer in the Gardens, graveyard, patio, tower, on the balcony, or with an outside-facing window must attempt a might roll. 5+: you keep your footing. 3-4: the wind knocks you down. Take 1 die of physical damage. 1-2: the wind chills your soul. Take 1 die of mental damage. 0: the wind knocks you down hard. Take 1 die of physical damage. Put one of your items (if you have one) in the entrance hall. Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
Silence – Underground everything goes silent. Even the sound of breathing is gone. Each explorer in the basement must attempt a sanity roll. 4+: you wait calmly for your hearing to return. 1-3: You scream a silent scream. Take 1 die of mental damage. 0: You take 2 dice of mental damage. Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
Skeletons – Mother and child, still embracing. Put the skeleton token in this room. Take 1 die of mental damage. Once during an explorer’s turn that explorer can attempt a sanity roll to search the skeletons: 5+ draw an item card. Remove the skeletons token. 0-4: you dig around but find nothing. Take 1 die of mental damage. Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
Smoke – Smoke billows around you. You cough, wiping away tears. Put the Smoke token in this room. The Smoke blocks line of sight from adjacent rooms. An explorer rolls 2 fewer dice (minimum of 1 die) on all trait rolls while in this room.
Something Hidden – There’s something odd about this room, but what? It’s tickling the back of your mind. If you want to try to figure out what’s odd, attempt a knowledge roll. 4+ a section of wall slides away revealing an alcove. Draw an item card. 0-3: you can’t figure it out and that makes you a bit crazy. Lose 1 sanity.
Something Slimy – What’s around your ankle? A bug? A tentacle? A dead hand clawing? You must attempt a speed roll. 4+: you break free. Gain 1 speed. 1-3: Lose 1 might. 0: lose 1 might and 1 speed. 
Spider – A spider the size of a fist lands on your shoulder… and crawls into your hair. You must attempt a speed roll to brush it away or a sanity roll to stand still. 4+: It’s gone. Gain 1 in the trait you used to attempt this roll. 1-3: it bites you. Take 1 die of physical damage. 0: It takes a chunk out of you. Take 2 dice of physical damage.
The Beckoning – Outside. You must get outside. Fly to freedom! Each explorer in the Gardens, Graveyard, Tower, on the Balcony or in a room with an outside-facing window must attempt a sanity roll. 3+: You back away from the ledge. 0-2: you jump to the patio. If it isn’t in the house, search the room stack for it, put it in the house, and shuffle the stack. Put your explorer there and take 1 die of physical damage. Each result affects only the explorer making that roll.
The Lost One – A woman wearing a Civil War dress beckons to you. You fall into a trance. You must attempt a knowledge roll. If the result is 5 or more you break out of your trance and gain 1 knowledge; otherwise, roll 3 dice to see where the Lost One leads you: 6 put your explorer in the Entrance Hall. 4-5: Put your explorer in the Upper Landing. 2-3: Draw room tiles until you find an upper floor room. 0-1: Draw room tiles until you find a basement room. If this card requires you to draw a room tile for a specific floor, put that tile in the house and put your explorer there. If you reach the end of the stack without drawing a room for the floor you rolled, put your explorer in the entrance hall instead.
The Voice – “I’m under the floor, buried under the floor…” The voice whispers once, then is gone. You must attempt a knowledge roll. 4+ you find something under the floor. Draw an item card. 0-3: you dig and search for the voice, but to no avail.
The Walls – This room is warm. Flesh-like walls pulse with a steady heartbeat. Your own heart beats with the rhythm of the house. You are drawn into the walls… and emerge somewhere else. You must draw the next room tile and put it in the house. Put your explorer in that room.
Webs – Casually, you reach up to brush some webs aside… but they won’t brush away. They cling. You must attempt a might roll. 4+ you break free. Gain 1 might and discard this card. 0-3: you’re stuck. Keep this card. If you’re stuck you can’t do anything until you are freed. Once during an explorer’s turn, any explorer can attempt a might roll to free you (you can also attempt). A 4+ succeeds but you don’t gain the 1 might. Anyone failing an attempt can’t move for the rest of that turn. After 3 unsuccessful attempts you break free automatically on your next turn and take your turn normally. When you’re free discard this event.
What The...? – As you look back the way you came, you see… nothing. Just empty fog and mist where a room used to be. Pick up the tile for the room you are in (after setting everything on it aside). Put it somewhere else on the same floor of the house so its door is attached to a different unexplored doorway (and put back everything you set aside). If there isn’t an unexplored doorway on this floor, move the room to a different floor. 
Whoops! – You feel a body under your foot. Before you can leap away from it, you’re knocked over. A giggling voice runs away from you. Turn over all your item cards (not your omen cards) and shuffle them. The player to your right randomly discards one of them. Then turn your item cards face up again. 
